config: add `lua.memory` option (#10223)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9849-lua-memory-limit-config.md

## feature/config

> * Add `lua.memory` parameter for setting maximum available RAM for lua scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `lua.memory` parameter to set up the maximum available RAM for Lua scripts.
```

Author: Applied. Thank you.
